Improved getting started page (#724)
grafana/tempo: docs/tempo/website/getting-started/_index.md

# Getting started with Tempo

Distributed tracing visualizes the lifecycle of a request as it passes through
a set of applications. There are a few components that must be configured in order to get a
working distributed tracing visualization.

An example trace visualized in Grafana:

<p align="center"><img src="../example-trace.png" alt="Example Trace"></p>

This document discusses the four major pieces necessary to build out a tracing system: 

> Instrumentation, Tracing Pipeline, Tracing Backend and Visualization. If one were to build a diagram laying 

Reviewer: Thoughts on removing the Tracing word from the Pipeline and the Backend? Seems a bit reduntant.

out these pieces it may look something like this:

> <p align="center"><img src="../getting-started.png" alt="Tracing Overview"></p>

Reviewer: ❤️

## 1. Client instrumentation

#### Instrumentation SDKs

The first building block to a functioning distributed tracing visualization pipeline
is client instrumentation, which is the process of adding instrumentation points in the application that 
creates and offloads spans. 

SDKs that are available in the most commonly used programming languages are listed below -

> * [Jaeger](https://www.jaegertracing.io/docs/latest/client-libraries/)

Reviewer: I think that we should mention OpenTracing here.

* [Zipkin](https://zipkin.io/pages/tracers_instrumentation)
* [OpenTemeletry CPP](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-cpp)
* [OpenTemeletry Java](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-java)

> * [OpenTemeletry JS](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-js)

Reviewer: We list all the implementations of OpenTelemetry but we don't specify the languages supported by Jaeger nor Zipkin. Thoughts on making the OTEL stuff shorter? Probably we don't need that much detail... 

Another option is to list some of the languages supported by Jaeger and Zipkin.

Author: OTel doesn't have a very good page that lists all of their clients. This is the best I can find:

https://opentelemetry.io/docs/concepts/instrumenting/

It's ok, but honestly I feel like the individual repos are better.  I think we'll just link here and expect them to improve over time.

# Getting started with Tempo

Distributed tracing visualizes the lifecycle of a request as it passes through
a set of applications. There are a few components that must be configured in order to get a
working distributed tracing visualization.

An example trace visualized in Grafana:

<p align="center"><img src="../example-trace.png" alt="Example Trace"></p>

This document discusses the four major pieces necessary to build out a tracing system: 
Instrumentation, Pipeline, Backend and Visualization. If one were to build a diagram laying 
out these pieces it may look something like this:

> <p align="center"><img src="../getting-started.png" alt="Tracing Overview"></p>

Reviewer: Maybe we can remove the Tracing word from the diagram too.

## 1. Instrumentation

#### Instrumentation SDKs

The first building block to a functioning distributed tracing visualization pipeline
is client instrumentation, which is the process of adding instrumentation points in the application that 
creates and offloads spans. 

> SDKs that are available in the most commonly used programming languages are listed below.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Below is a list of the most popular frameworks used for client instrumentation. Each of these have SDKs in most commonly used programming languages and you should carefully pick one according to your application needs. Its worth noting that OpenTelemetry is the converging standard ...
```

Since we're taking the language SDKs off, should we replace with something like this ^ ?

Author: Will spruce it up a bit :+1:

* [OpenTemeletry .NET Autoinstrumentation](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet-instrumentation)
* [OpenTemeletry Python Autoinstrumentation](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-python-contrib)

> Note: Check out our [instrumentation examples]({{< relref "../guides/instrumentation" >}}) to learn how to instrument your
> favourite language for distributed tracing.

## 2. Grafana Agent (Tracing pipeline)

Once your application is instrumented for tracing, the next step is to send these traces
to a backend for storage and visualization. It is common to build a tracing pipeline that 
offloads spans from your application, buffers them and eventually forwards them to a backend. Tracing
pipelines are optional (most clients can send directly to Tempo), but you will find that
they become more critical the larger and more robust your tracing system is.

The Grafana Agent is a service that is deployed close to the application, either on the same node or 
within the same cluster (in kubernetes) to quickly offload traces from the application and forward them to 

> a storage backend. It also abstracts features like trace batching and backend routing away from the client. 

Reviewer: I like how the OpenTelemetry docs mention [Agent and Gateway deployments](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/collector/getting-started/#deployment).

Maybe it's interesting to mention both ways here and throw some lines about the benefits of each one and how they can work together.

Or maybe not. Just throwing random thoughts :D

Author: It's a good idea, but if we start getting into agent/collector deployment strategies i think we'd that on its own page. It could be a very lengthy topic.
